Outsourcing is allowed per 559 (#621)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

_This section is normative._ It addresses the fundamental control and security objectives outlined in [[HSPD-12]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-HSPD-12), including
the identity proofing requirements for federal employees and contractors.

> Note that identity proofing, registration, issuance and maintenance processes outlined in this Section  may be outsourced in various degrees by the issuer to third-party organizations or service providers. For further details on outsourcing issuer functions, refer to [[SP 800-79]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-79), Section 2.2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that identity proofing, registration, issuance and maintenance processes outlined in this section, or portions thereof,  may be outsourced by the issuer to third-party organizations or service providers. For further details on outsourcing issuer functions, refer to [[SP 800-79]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-79), Section 2.2. 
```
